Team MY-KEY

Rajneel Deo

My name is Rajneel Deo. My student number is s3723148 and my student email is s3723148@student.rmit.edu.au. I was born and raised in Melbourne. My nationality is Fijian/Indian. I can speak English, Fijian and Hindi and I also know a bit of Indonesian and Japanese. I attended Fountain Gate Secondary college from year 7 up until completing my VCE studies in year 12. My favourite sport is basketball and I enjoy playing it. my other hobbies also include gaming, watching movies and tv shows and hanging out with friends.

Test Results:

Myers Briggs test: ESFP (Extraverted, Sensing, Feeling, Perceiving)
Learning style test result:
Tactile Learner: Auditory: 30%/Visual: 30%/Tactile: 40%
 
Big five personality test result:

Extroversion: 74%
Emotional stability: 66%
Agreeableness: 56%
Conscientiousness: 67%
Intellect/imagination: 18%

Ideal Job: ASIS Technologist (ASIS-Australian secret intelligence service)

An ASIS technologist are highly skilled people who are dedicated in supporting Australia’s national interest. These people possess highly technical skills and can apply these skills to help the ASIS in achieving foreign and national affairs. The role of an ASIS technologist is critical as they must find technical solutions and collect foreign information by creating and deploying these innovative solutions or by using already made solutions and adapting this technology to further benefit the ASIS. 

This position is appealing to me as it will offer me a chance to work with the best people in Australia and help my country and maintaining a safe environment for people to live in. In terms of an ideal job, i want to work in a industry that brings positive changes to our world and helps keeps my country moving forward. This job will allow me achieve this aim.



Shuhao Shi 

My name is Shuhao Shi. Student number is s3717801 and student email is s3717801@student.rmit.edu.au.  I was born in China and raised in Melbourne. I came to Australia at a very young age, so I stick to my Chinese culture,I speak Chinese at home and celebrate the festivals. Completed year 12 and completing a degree of information technology at RMIT, wishing to go into Computer science in my second year. My hobby is to play games, sports and hang out with friends most of the time.

My Myers-Briggs test result:
ISFP
Results for learning style test:
Auditory: 30%
Visual: 35%
Tactile: 35%
A Visual/Tactile learner!
The big five personality:
Openness is 62.5%.
Conscientiousness is 48%.
Extraversion is 50%.
Agreeableness is 77%.
Neuroticism is 69%.
Ideal job:
I would like to be a software development or to be involved in cyber security field. The working hours are just like every other job 9 to 5, but the pay is expected to be over 6 digits after a few years of experience since the IT industry is continuing growing and IT jobs are needed the most in every country and company.  The reason why I am passionate about cyber security field is because it’s something that I always longed for and its good pay.
The job needs a few years of experience in the IT field and needs to master a few languages such as: Java, C++, C#, PHP, JavaScript and many more to be qualified for the place to do well and to be successful. The job also requires teamwork skills and the ability to communicate with others to be able to complete work in a team. 

Gagandeep Singh
My name is Gagandeep Singh. My Student no. s3716981 and my student email is s3716981@student.rmit.edu.au. I was a born in India and raised in Melbourne. I am Sikh as in my religion and I follow the Culture of Punjab and I still speak Punjabi at home. I moved to Melbourne when I was 11 years old. I came here and started my secondary education. My secondary education was the most important thing in my life. It taught me the lifestyle of Australia. Till date I have Graduated Year 12 and currently studying Bachelor of Information Technology at Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT). I am hoping to graduate this course in 3 years. In my free time, I like to hang around with my friends, play soccer and play video games. I find myself a very curious person, So If I see a something interesting, I will be more curious about how it was made.

Myers – Briggs Test
Result – ISFP (Introversion, Sensing, Feeling, Perceiving)
 
Learning style Test -
Results:
·       Auditory: 25%
·       Visual: 25%
·       Tactile: 50%

Big Five Personality Test –
Openness : 48%
Conscientiousness : 62.5%
Extraversion : 46%
Agreeableness : 73%
Neuroticism : 54%

Ideal Job
I would like to become a software/APP developer. Working closely with the Creative and Development teams and to develop amazing software’s for businesses. The reason why I want work in this field is because I believe these jobs will experience the fastest growth. Pay, location and opportunities for personal development and growth would matter to me. I want to work in a place, where there is some freedom for me, so I can work independently with client. For a job to be an ideal for me I want to stay and work in Melbourne because I was raised in Melbourne, so I would like to stay here with my family and don’t want to leave my friends here. I want to work for 8 hours a day with weekends off.  I want to work in place where I can grow myself on a personal level, and where I can gain more experience and skills, which would help me in my employment in the future




Jinyan CEN

 My name is Jingyan CEN (Christy). My student number is s3717243. I was born and raised in Southern part of China, so I am capable of speaking both Cantonese and Mandarin. In 2013, my family migrated to Australia, after four months studied at Noble Park Language School. I studied at Wellington Secondary College and graduated from the school. During my spare time, I like to listening to music, chat with my friends, and gaming with my brother. Two new members have joined my family recently; they are Toby and Stella, kittens that I adopted 6 weeks ago. Moreover, I have a poodle in China that has been in our family for 11 years.


Ideal Job:
          A junior website or application developer would be ideal for my first full time job to start with, as it does not require much experience. Meanwhile, I can learn new skills and gain more experiences through this job. In this position, I need to work in a team to design and execute website or mobile application by using different technologies. My role in this job is to assist in developing technical solution to meet clients requirement, effectively manage the relationship with clients as well as colleague and make sure to communicate with clients at all stage, help improve code to its maximum speed and scalability and it is important to make sure the accuracy and the quality of the finish product. The appealing part of this position is its location, which is Melbourne CBD, so is reasonably close to where I am living. Furthermore, the company also offers a flexible salary range between $45,000 to $65,000 per year and there is possible career advancement in the future. Moreover, through this job, I am able to have experience in ReactJS, HTML, JavaScript, BitBucket, AWS Technologies, Basic PHP and so on. However, the most appealing part is still the job itself, as I am passionate about this area and willing to explore it in depth.

Test Result:
Myers-Briggs test: 1. ‘The consul’ 2.Role: Sentinel 3.Strategy: Social Engagement
Learning Style Test: 1. Auditory:45% 2. Visual:i40% 3.Tactile: 15%
Big Five Personality Test:















Chetana Aghicha
 
As you can see above my name is Chetana, but I prefer to go by the name of Chetna. My student emails is s3718429@student.rmit.edu.au and student number is S3718429. My parents are from different parts of India; however, I was born in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE) where I was student from Kindergarten to grade 2. My parents thought that Dubai was too fast paced and hectic, so they decided to move to Australia when I was just seven years old. I have spent majority of my childhood in Australia and have completed my Primary and Secondary school education here and consider it as my home. As a child I was able to travel various countries such as India, UAE, Singapore, Oman and South Korea which allowed me to experience different cultures and speak many languages such as English, Sindhi and Hindi fluently and conversational Chinese, Korean and French. presently I am more interested in user experience and user interface. My IT interests are user experience and user interface. Although I have a great interest in IT I do not have much experience in the IT field besides choosing IT electives in high school which touched on data analysis, databases, interface design, visual design, data types and basic programming skills.
 
Ideal Job
My ideal job is a position as a business analyst. The position requires an individual ready to take on and develop new projects and create specific solutions for different briefs given by the employer. The position also needs individuals to work in an environment with frequent interaction with multiple stakeholders of the organisation.
 
 
Personal Profile
 
Myers-Briggs Test
Introverted: 60%
Intuitive: 70%
Thinking 51%
Judging: 54%
Turbulent: 54%
 
Learning Style Test
Auditory: 30%
Visual: 55%
Tactile: 15%
 
Big Five Personality Test
Openness to experience: 89%
Conscientiousness: 94%
Extraversion: 44%
Agreeableness: 43%
Natural Reactions: 13%


Ideal Jobs 
Similarities: 
Well paying job
We all want to pursue a career in the IT Industry
Want to make a difference in the world
Require similar skills for our career such as coding in html, java, c+ and c++
Want to work and or study overseas but not attain a permanent residency

Differences:
Everyone requires a different level of experience 
Different skill are needed


Industry Data

1.     What are the Job Titles for your group’s ideal jobs? How do each of these rank in terms of demand from employers?
The MY-KEY team’s ideal job titles are from various parts of the technological sphere which are; Software Developer, Web Developer, Application Developer, Business Analyst, and Security Engineer. The ideal job titles being in ranked in terms of demand from employers-Software and Web Developer ranked at the top, followed by Business Analyst and an equal last place to Application Developer and Security Engineer as they were not included in the top twenty-five at all.
 
2. 	From your group’s ideal jobs, you can identify a set of skills required for these jobs (we will refer to this as your group’s required skill set). These can be divided into general skills (communication, problem solving, writing etc) and IT-specific skills (Javascript, SQL, etc).

Raj (Security Engineer)
Gagaan (Software/Application Developer)
Shuhao (Software Developer)
Christy (Junior Website or Application Developer)
Chetana: (Business Analyst)
General Skills
·      Strong oral communications skills
·      Problem solving ability
·      Finding technical solutions
·   	Manage relationships well with clients
·   	Analyse user needs
·   	Analytical thinking towards developments and solutions
·   	Ability to work independently and within teams
·   	Strong oral and written communication skills
 
 
·      Strong oral and written communications skills
·      Management and maintenance of clients and team members
·      Problem solving skills by facilitating understanding of a problem
·      Critical thinking through evaluation of multiple solution options
·      Analysis skills to deconstruct a problem or solution
·      Visual modelling to support analysis  
IT-Specific Skills
·      Network and web related protocols
·      Application security and encryption technologies
·      My SQL/MSSQL database platforms
·      IDS /IPS penetration and vulnerability testing
·      Windows, UNIX and LINUX operating systems
·      Ability to build Software and Software Applications from scratch
·      Estimate scope and cost of project
·      Have a thorough Understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms
·      Execution of test plans
·      Java and Java Framework experience
·      JavaScript programming experience
·      Use of Microsoft excel for formatting, presenting, and organising data
·      SQL for data storage and querying
·      Use of Git and Subversion for version and control system and periodic recording of revisions
·      Programming la languages such as Python, R and Matlab for data-driven workflows
 
 
 
 
a. 	How do the IT-specific skills​ in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
Top most required skill set by employers as of 23rd March 2018 is the understanding and use of SQL and JavaScript. This is then followed by Microsoft Windows and LINUX-and lastly Microsoft and Git. Some of these skills are job specific and cannot be suitable for every
b.	How do the general skills​ in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
In terms of skills in demand from an employer’s perspective: Communication, Problem Solving, Organisation, Writing, and Teamwork (/Collaboration) were in the top five out of twenty-five skills, as of 28th February 2018. All of these general skills were regarded as skills needed or even required in order to perform well and to be considered for the all three job titles.
c. 	What are the three highest ranked IT-specific skills​ which are not in your required skill set? 
d.	d. What are the three highest ranked general skills​ which are not in your required skill set?
The three highest ranked IT-specific skills that were not mentioned in required skills set are; Project Management, SAP, and Business Management. The three highest ranked general skills that were not in the team members required skills set are; Detail-Orientation, Time Management, and Multitasking.
 
3. 	Having looked at the Burning Glass data, has your opinion of your ideal job changed? Why or why not?
 
Chetana: Looking at the Burning Glass data my opinion on my ideal job has changed. My ideal job requires a great amount of experience and skills that need to be curated and worked over the course of more than a decade. This will require experiences in many different parts of the IT industry. Although the specific job title of a Business Analyst is not in the top twenty-five in terms of demand from employers, the skills required from a Business Analyst are. Thus, still making me want to pursue my career as a Business Analyst.
 
Raj: After looking at the burning glass data, my ideal job has not changed. The data indicates that 2914 people have been selected to work in a information/cyber security engineer field, which is not as demanding as the other jobs in the data but the numbers indicate that there is still a somewhat high number of people being selected for that job. In terms of skills, i possess some of the demanding skills such as microsoft office, java and  python, communication and writing. Although i still need to gain more experience and knowledge on these skills and also gain more skills if i want to pursue this career. 
Gagan: Looking at the burning glass data and other data online, my ideal job has not changed. The burning data states that in the last 12 months 29,456 people have been selected for software developer. This is a large number, it indicates that this job is in great demand and it is top job that is in demand. This job will require many skills like Java programming, building software/ program from scratch and handling full project with cost estimate. I hope to gain most my skills from the course I am doing as it will be help me pursue my career in the future as a Software/ App developer. 
Shu: My ideal job has not changed after looking at the data. Being a software engineer requires a lot of experience and need to master a few programming languages and the ability to build programs from the scratch but i believe after studying in RMIT and a few years of work experience, the gap between me and my ideal job will be smaller and smaller. My ideal job also requires analysing user needs, strong oral and communication skills and the ability to work independently or within teams, although they are not my strongest but after practising, i believe i will meet all the requirement.
Christy: After looking at the data from Burning Glass Technologies, my ideal job has not changed. According to BGTOCCs, the statistics reveals that 5990 got the position of Website Developer as at March 2018. The data indicate that this job might not on the top but is still in high demand at the moment. Develop a website is what I am passionate at, therefore even the job is not in high demand, I would still put it in my first preference. It require some skills to become a web developer such as html,CSS,SASS,LESS. Teamwork and meeting client’s requirements are also essential for a website developer . 



IT Work 
Shuhao:
Software engineer
A software engineer are highly skilled programmers who work in teams to display millions of lines of code and bring it to life in games and other applications. Software engineers can work in many programming fields ranging from game and web design and application development. Software engineers must answer questions such as what is required of the code? what operating system and language are they going to use? And what is the structure of the system going to look like when creating their lines of code? Software engineers interact with a lot of people in terms of their job. The most important people they interact with are the customers who are using the product and the team who are helping them in creating the product. During their time on the job, software engineers spend most of their time on the computer writing their lines of code and testing them out. 60% of the time are spent on the computer whilst the other 40% is used interacting with the other team members and on the whiteboard trying to plan out everything that is needed to be featured on the product. Communication plays an important key role in an engineering careers as the members must communicate with each other in order for the product to function and to keep track of what is happening. The most challenging aspect of a software engineer is when the code does not work. This causes a lot of frustration and stress as they have put so much time and effort on the code and it does not work. This mean that the engineer must go back and look through the code to figure out what the problem is and how they can fix it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFmThPwKRGU


The IT professional ‘Victoria Sun’ is a software engineer that works at ‘Homejoy’ and works as a website developer. She interacts with other IT professionals and her co-workers to discuss the work and make improvements on the website. Victoria spends most of her time in meetings with other IT professionals and at her work station coding and improving the website. The most challenging aspect to Victoria is when first entering the industry because there are a lot of men and she described herself as very girly, so she didn’t think she would have fitted in, but her female mentor helped her to fit in like others.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt79JcPfZQA

Information security engineer 
Information security engineers are programmers who work in protecting, allowing access and keeping the integrity of the data that is entered by users. Security engineers are responsible for the protection of the companies’ business and the customers who are apart of the business. They must discover any flaws within the system or any potential threats that could arise and jeopardise the company. When a threat is discovered, the engineers must work together in order to destroy the threat and bring the system back up. Security engineers interact with a lot of people such as the customers and their personal information that they are trying to protect as well as well as the team their team who they work with in order to detect, destroy and prevent threats. Security engineers spend most of their time on the computers looking for any faults with the system and trying to prevent it from spreading. The challenging aspect of this career is the amount of responsibility that is put on you. Working for major corporations where your job is to protect sensitive data makes you feel more stressed because if something was to happen, then the responsibility will be put on you and your team as it was your job to prevent it from happening. Another challenge is trying to destroy the threat in time before your system is infected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b98EHvvOpyY 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b98EHvvOpyY


The IT professional that the video talks about is ‘Parisa Tabriz’ who works at Google as an ‘Information security engineer’ with a title of ‘Security Princess’. Her work is to find bugs and holes in the software to fix it and make it more protective from other hackers. Parisa interacts with her co-workers the most to have meetings and discussions on their work. Parisa spends most of her time in meetings and on computers every day trying to make the software more secure. The most challenging aspect of Parisa’s work is to detect and fix the bugs and holes in the software.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bFAY9lJU9s

Jingyan:
IT support technician
An IT support technician works in a range of fields that helps to maintain a system and generally help customers who are in need of tech assistance. IT technicians have different skills and expertise from one another and its these skills that define what their support role is in the IT industry. Common IT support jobs are tech support, systems administrator and system engineers. A Support technicians leading role is to interact with the customers who are having any IT difficulties and to ensure that the customers needs are met. Support technicians often spend their times on the phone engaging with customers and helping them out whilst also on the computer trying to solve the customers issue.  A challenging aspect of this job is when the technicians are met with customers who do not comply with them and are very unhappy with the service being provided. This makes it harder for the technicians to work with the customer to ensure that this issue is dealt with and the customer is satisfied.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26G-zm6pd8g

-Chris Sheehan ( IT Support Technician)
Chris Sheehan is an IT Support Technician that works at Datacom System in Wellington. His job is to responding to technical queries raised by their customers. Therefore, he interacts with his clients in daily basis. The queries from customers may include updating new software, new application releases and new website releases. Chris does need to working at desk all the time, sometime he need to schedules after hour work at home when taking care of a busy website. The challenging part in this job is it required knowledge of different aspects such as software development, service support, networking issues and so on.
https://www.youtube.com./watch?v=RYdmWa-i7Gs&t=3



User experience designer
A User experience designer or UX designer plays a critical role in terms of design features of a product. Their primary role is to create mock ups and prototypes of potential products such as apps and websites and send them off to the developers who will then bring this mock up to life. UX designers are highly creative and they must use this skill to help them understand how a potential user will use their product to its most efficient and effective way. UX designers often interact with developers as they are essentially creating a blueprint a for the developers to follow when developing the product. They also interact with normal day to day people to allow themselves to get an insight as to what consumers want changed in their everyday life. UX designers spend most of their time on the drawing board, creating mock ups and paper prototypes in order for them to visually see how a product will look like as well as to experiment with the different design features. They also spend their times on computers creating digital prototypes, so they can get a better feel as to how products such as websites or apps will function. A challenging aspect of UX designer is trying to understand the users and how they will perceive the product. UX designers do not know if the users will have a hard time understanding the product if they’ll be able to use it efficiently. And if they don’t then its back to the drawing board again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsZz0rYd7-s

-Kalila (User Experience Designer)
Kalila is a senior user experience designer working in Comcast. Her role is to enhance the customer experience of Xfinity TV Application and X1 Platform. Kalila describe her job is not only make things look good, while make them easy to use as well. Kaliala interacts with her colleague from different teams everyday when having meeting to go through work planning. Kalia would spend most of her time in front of desk to improve customer’s experience of their product, and she would also spend some time on usability research lab where they bring in real customer to test their design. The challenging part of this job is it requires collaboration with other team members and it is essential to be open-mind.
https://www.youtube.com./watch?v=XWnq_3j5KNA&t=20



Chetna: Business Analyst 
Mikiolaj Ratajczak is a Senior Business Analyst and is part of the Global Information Systems which specializes in the medical devices in America. Although Mikiolaj works for an American company he spends most of his time in Galway, Ireland.
Mikiolaj role as a Senior Business Analyst involves interacting and consistently communicating with 20,000 customers worldwide across 50 manufacturing facilities and distribution centers Japan, Europe and America.
Some of the challenging aspects Mikiolaj faces in his day-to-day work is identifying and estimating how certain changes made to one application can impact other systems and their interfaces. This is due to the multiple links between certain applications and systems which make it hard to define boundaries between systems as they require consistency in aspects of their interface design.
Another challenge experienced by Mikiolaj is the ability to coordinate changes made to systems and applications throughout the multiple facilities and customers in different time zones, adding a great deal of complexity when trying to manage issues.
 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHW855sszKU&t=9s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8vIcENxHps 



IT Technologies 

Cybersecurity
What does it do? ​What is the state of the art of this new technology? What can be done now? What is likely to be able to do be done soon (say in the next 3 years)? What technological or other developments make this possible? 	
      Cybersecurity is the practice of applying technology and processing in order protect networks, computers and programs from attacks, damages, leaks and access from unauthorised people. Cybersecurity is evolving everyday as new threats arises that may harm us and our information on the internet. Cybersecurity is high in demand as of now as more threats are advancing quicker than most cybersecurity workers can keep up with so more workers are needed in this field. As technology continues to progress throughout the years, new businesses and social media applications are at greater risks than ever before from data leaks, sabotage and espionage. As of now, more government funding has gone towards cybersecurity aid and more security professionals are gearing up to target the big threats in our everyday internet lives. As new security software applications are being created and more frequent updates are being made to already developed applications. Threats are deteriorating but not at a fast rate. Organisations around the world are still being targeted and are losing millions of dollars in assets even though they are equipped with the latest state of the art technology. Within the next 3 years, cybersecurity experts are using automated attacks that are controlled by the security experts in order to gain an insight as to what the attack can potentially do to their system and how they can try to prevent it from happening. Ethical issues are questioned in this development as black hat hackers are stealing valuable information from big corporates in order to benefit themselves or even other rival companies who want that information. Companies are even being breached by their own team members who are trying to start up their own company or acquire income. Computers are now evolving in the way that they can automatically discover particular threats, update firewall rules and IPS signatures, seal breaches, isolate malware and viruses to stop it from spreading and also quarantine devices to allow for the servers to come back online. This breakthrough allows for the computer to adapt automatically to minor threats leaving more time for technicians to deal with major threats. Within the next 10 years, the world of cybersecurity will continue to expand and affect our daily lives more and more as technology advancements continue to revolutionise the world. Government officials will reluctantly rely on cyber attacks rather than physical weapons in order to protect their nation and their people. Cybercrimes will continue to grow, and normal everyday people will become more vulnerable to their attacks.
 
2.  What is the likely impact? ​What is the potential impact of this development? What is likely to change? Which people will be most affected and how? Will this create, replace or make redundant any current jobs or technologies? 

	The potential impact of this development will allow people to feel safer when using technology and when browsing the web. The advancement of cybersecurity allows technicians to better equip themselves with the skills and technology needed to overcome cyberattacks. Thus, allowing users to feel safe and the technicians to feel good knowing that they are doing their job in protecting and serving their customers. Businesses are becoming more digitized meaning that they are becoming more vulnerable to an increase number of threats. This will mean that there will be an even higher demand in the number of technicians needed to help secure a system. Although cybersecurity will bring about a more positive impact towards jobs and skills, it also brings about a negative impact. Hackers are more sophisticated than ever before and will continue to make an impact on our daily lives. From having our Facebook accounts hacked to data being leaked from corporate companies, the threats will carry on. This negative impact will mean that we must better secure ourselves by following security guidelines and frequently updating our systems and keeping it up to date to allow our devices to be less vulnerable to attacks. This will apply to companies and families as well as they are also in danger from cyber threats such as identity theft and bank accounts being hacked.
 
3.   How will this affect you? ​In your daily life, how will this affect you? What will be different for you? How might this affect members of your family or your friends?   	

      Cybersecurity will affect us more than it ever has in the past few years. As technology advances, our social lives are put into greater risks. Cybersecurity is something that everyone will need to care about in the long run. Cyberthreats are advancing and are affecting victims in a way that no one could have foresaw in the future. Things such as the presidential election and the increase attacks with ransomware, are just some of the examples of cyber threats that have occurred in the past year. This is only just the beginning of what will supposedly be one of the biggest threats to ever arise. Social media is becoming more dependent on our daily lives and this can be used by the hackers to target us. This potential effect can affect our families and friends too. From having their bank accounts hacked and having all their money withdrawal to someone hacking your Facebook account, everyone is a potential victim in the world of social media. It is just a matter of who will be next. Cybersecurity will affect not just me, but everyone the same. As we will rely on the latest tech to ensure we are safe from threats. More money will be spent on things such as antivirus to allow us to defend ourselves. Greater precautions will be taken into consideration by people when being on social media. Such as ensuring their password is secure and does not fall into the wrong hands and also by not viewing untrustworthy sites and using their credit card details unless used through PayPal.

Machine learning
What does it do?
What is the state of the art of this new technology?
Machine learning is a field of computer science that uses statistical techniques to give computer systems the ability to "learn, it is a branch of artificial intelligence (AI) that refers to technologies that enable computers to learn and adapt through experience, it is also an approach to artificial intelligence that’s focused on making machines which can learn without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning was born from pattern recognition and the theory that computers can learn without being programmed to perform specific tasks, machine learning explores the study and construction of algorithms that can learn from and make predictions on data.
What can be done now?
Machine learning is employed in a range of computing tasks where designing and programming explicit algorithms with good performance is difficult or infeasible. Machine learning can achieve many tasks such as: email filtering, detection of network intruders or malicious insiders working towards a data breach, optical character recognition, learning to rank, and computer vision. Machine learning algorithms have been around for a long time, the ability to apply mathematical calculations to big data becomes faster and faster. The self-driving cars, online recommendations from YouTube, Amazon and fraud detection are all products of modern machine learning.
What is likely to be able to do be done soon (say in the next 3 years)?
Sentence comprehension, sentence generation, text summarization, learning from few examples, script learning, robotics and much more can be potentially being done by machine learning in the future. Machine learning becomes less powerful when involving language issues, idioms and metaphors are something very hard for AI and machine learning to understand.
Text summarization can be easily done by humans, but it is a struggle for machine learning, the definition of words changes depending on the text specially with formal and everyday language can make the summarised meaning completely different from the original text.
Understanding videos and identifying how the characters are related. Giving a movie and identifying the relationships, the issues, climax, protagonist, antagonist and the solution of the movie can be easily done by humans, but it is impossible for machine learning at the present stage. Machine learning evolves from examples but without the human mind and way of thinking then it cannot process what humans are capable of.
Robotics is a major field that can be improved and be able to do more in the further. A simple example that robots cannot do now is that robots still don’t have a system that allows them to grab arbitrary objects reliably, while humans can pick up any objects all the time with 100% accuracy.
There are so many examples that machine learning cannot do now that can be done do in the further. With more advanced technology and more data, machine learning will have less and less limitation and have more capability.
 
What technological or other developments make this possible?
Other technological fields that can helps machine learning to develop further are Artificial intelligence, Computational statistics, Probability, Data mining, Mathematical optimization. Machine learning becomes better with more data and more examples, so as the technology advances machine learning to become better and complete, one day it will learn just like humans.
 
What is the likely impact?
 
What is the potential impact of this development?
The potential impact of machine learning has pros and cons. The benefits of machine learning are it can achieve much more than humans can once given enough data and example for it to learn. It can help businesses to recognize their different customer and then provide different product according to their taste, it can be used in all industries. Machine learning is also used in the medical field. It allows machines to analyse plethora of patient data with much greater speed than humans are capable of and suggest diagnoses or treatments that may be overlooked by the physician. Machine learning is the key to the success in the autonomous vehicles field, it helps the program to make quick decisions based on what the program observes to ensure these cars function safely. The cons are no matter how machine learning evolves, it can never be humans, it will only act the way the humans set them. It will only act according to the rules that is set to them, so it is less flexible than humans and sometimes it is the most crucial thing. One of the major risks is machines may surpass humans’ highest level of intelligence to a point where they psychologically manipulate people and becomes destructive to humans.
 
What is likely to change?
It is likely to change the way people are living nowadays. Once machine learning is used by the majority then people's’ lives becomes more convenient. It is most likely to change how businesses operates and their strategy towards the market.   
 
Which people will be most affected and how?
Everyone will be affected once machine learning matures. Everyone’s life become more convenient. Example when shopping online, people don’t need to search across the whole internet for what they want anymore, everyone’s essentials and preferences are shown to them.
Will this create, replace or make redundant any current jobs or technologies?
The grow in machine learning will result replacement in current jobs and industries. The powerful machine learning gets means the less people are needed to do the job. More and more machines are used in industries is a current trend, it will only get worse when machine learning becomes more powerful and mature.
How will this affect you?
In your daily life, how will this affect you? What will be different for you? How might this affect members of your family or your friends?
Machine learning is already changing our lives without us realizing. When we do our online shopping on amazon or eBay, we don’t need to search up something that we want. The machine gathers our data since the we first start to use the program and finds out our preferences and automatically generates what we search up the most and gives similar recommendations. Machine learning will make our life more convenient and have less struggle.
https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning 
http://www.expertsystem.com/machine-learning-definition/ 
https://www.techemergence.com/what-is-machine-learning/ 

Cloud, services and servers

What does it do? What is the state of the art of this new technology? What can be done now? What is likely to be able to do be done soon (say in the next 3 years)? What technological or other developments make this possible?
Cloud services are any services that are delivered to the user via the internet and this is know as Cloud. Cloud services are designed to simply provide access to servers, databases, storage and many more applications that are set on the servers. The main advantages of using cloud services is that it is very inexpensive, user’s usually set up a monthly subscription for software’s, storage or servers, rather than paying for the full licence fee of the software and cloud services also provides them with the best updated services.                                                                                                                             There are three main types of clouds, commonly referred to as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Software as a Service (SaaS).                                                            
Software as a service –  This type of cloud means that users don’t have to purchase the full software to use it, instead they can use it on the internet and only pay for the time you have used it. You can set up monthly or yearly subscriptions depending on the type of software you are using.
This type of clouding is growing very quickly as it is every inexpensive for users and another benefit of this is that it can will save your database online and users can access it anywhere.
Platform as a service – Users of Platform as a service can develop, run and manage application or software’s on the internet without having to host hardware and software. The provider of PaaS will host its on own software and hardware on its own infrastructure. It provides you with computing platform which will include operating system and programming language. This computing also has a link with the other two categories of computing. Example – Google App Engine, force.com, Heroku
Infrastructure as a service – Infrastructure as a service is a hardware provided by an external basis to support enterprise operations. Clients are provided access to a virtualized environment which can let them build their own IT platforms. Amazon Web Services (AWS) would be an example of IaaS.
Each cloud computing offers its own specific function, whether its cloud software’s, cloud storage or a platform to create applications. Users can manage the whole infrastructure without physically having to purchase and maintain it.
Almost everything is the digital world is connected to cloud in some way. Just in 2018, IaaS, PaaS and SaaS are popular and there is no sign of this trend slowing down. We can predict that cloud will become increase and become cheaper in the future. It will allow all business users to store their infrastructure in cloud.

What is the likely impact? What is the potential impact of this development? What is likely to change? Which people will be most affected and how? Will this create, replace or make redundant any current jobs or technologies
As cloud services are increasing day by day, it is becoming easier for businesses to manage and run their business on cloud database and servers. It has become cheaper for businesses to run software’s by purchasing monthly subscriptions and easier by providing platforms to build software’s/ Apps online without having to store all the data on local drives. Just like all other things there are advantages and disadvantages of things. Cloud services does have an impact on the security of data. It is an issue for cloud services. Tele House’s data management infographic states, ‘46% of all businesses identified at least one cyberattack or breach in the last 12 months’ and this number is likely to increase in 2018. Everyone who is a user of cloud services will be affected by this. . Even though IT professionals are working on it to make it safer as cloud services will be become very popular in the future, so the data needs to be secured.
The fast boom in cloud services is will replace many current IT roles. Platforms are becoming more self-service, particularly in SaaS category. It is requiring less and less involvement from the IT department.
 
How will this affect you?  In your daily life, how will this affect you? What will be different for you? How might this affect members of your family or your friends
I believe that Cloud services are great, there are many benefits of using cloud services, in fact I believe cloud services will be become as important as having a smartphone. There are many benefits which I can take advantage of. Firstly it would be cloud storage, I personally use ‘Google drive’ to store my files, my reason for using that is, I can access it anywhere and on any computer or smartphone platform and secondly, I don’t have to fear of losing my files if a hard drive corrupts or something happens to my computer, so we can call that as backup. That was storage and I also use Software as a service, So I have subscriptions to many softwares and Apps like Spotify, Netflix and many more. Monthly Subscribing to software’s is cheaper for me rather than purchasing the full licence of the software which will require me to pay a lump sum. And by subscribing I will always be using the most updated program and I will not have to worry about updating it. And recently I have used Infrastructure as a service, I have user Amazon web service to create a website. It allows to everything to be done online, which is helpful. Similarly, my family and friends are doing the same thing and they like the idea of cloud service and servers. I believe Cloud is becoming an important part of computing now and it will grow so much in coming years.
Autonomous Car
		 	 	 		
What does it do? ​What is the state of the art of this new technology? What can be done now? What is likely to be able to do be done soon (say in the next 3 years)? What technological or other developments make this possible?
-       Autonomous cars are a kind of advanced vehicles that can be driven by a computer system without human conduction. In the 20th century, there were decades of history, and the beginning of the 21st century showed a trend towards practical application. Autonomous are also known as driverless cars, robotic cars or self-driving cars.
- The development of Autonomous cars started in 2010 when Google introduced it self-driving car. Experts from the car industry have defined five levels of autonomous driving and each describes the extent to which a car takes over the driving task from human. Level 0 is zero automation which human has to drive as usual. Level 1 is driver assisted which driver are required to do most of the tasks by himself, while car can alert the driver to conditions, environment and obstructions, thus it would not take control of the vehicles. Level 2 is Partial Automation, which Key automated capabilities become standard but driver is still taking control of the vehicle. Level 3 is Conditional Automation, which the car becomes a co-pilot. It started to manage most safety-critical driving functions in known environmental conditions means the driver can disengage from driving for a period of time, but driver is still required to manage vehicle operation in most of the stages. Level 4 is High Automation that vehicle is capable of performing all safety-critical driving functions while monitoring environments. In this state, driver is expected to stay at the vehicle, although it is not necessary for the driver to take complete control of the vehicle (only require to control steering wheel, brake/acceleration pedal and so on). Level 5 is Fully Autonomous, which the vehicle is completely driverless. The vehicle becomes a full-time automated driving and it is ready in all conditions on the road. These vehicles will not feature driving equipment, therefore will be a revolution compare to previous vehicle, so no steering wheel is needed. The current status of Autonomous Car has reached level 5 which driverless vehicle was success. In the past year, many industry experts have speculated on what the future of self-driving cars will evolve. Uber is the most enthusiastic in practice, and its self-driving taxis have been launched in Pittsburgh and are now in Arizona.
Google has seen the opportunity of this market soon. At the end of last year, thus the advantages were lost as Uber started ahead of Google. Then Google moved to set up Waymo, a company that specializes in autonomous driving. Waymo recently sued Uber for violating its own patents on self-driving technology. Furthermore, not only Google and Uber, Other well known technology companies have their own plans for autonomous driving, including big names such as Apple, Baidu, Lyft, Comma. Ai, Mobileye and Tesla in the future. Google and Uber have already started the road test, while tesla's Autopilot feature has been in service for years, and others have been busy pushing prototypes of Autonomous Car.
-       There are multiple technologies had used to make this possible. Autonomous cars use cameras, radar sensors, and laser range finder to analysis the traffic situation around, and through a detailed map of the collection of maps to drive a car and to navigate the road ahead. A laser radar is place on the roof of vehicle in order to scan radius around 60 meters of environment, and the results will presented in 3d map. Therefore, it would give computer the preliminary judgment. Front camera is used to identify traffic lights and assisted the computer to distinguish moving objects such as pedestrian or other vehicles. Front and back radar are used to measure the distance between the various objects that near to the vehicle. The controlling computer is the most essential part of Autonomous as it is responsible for the car driving route, judgment of issue and execution.


			
What is the likely impact? ​What is the potential impact of this development? What is likely to change? Which people will be most affected and how? Will this create, replace or make redundant any current jobs or technologies?
-       There is much potential effect that cause by the development of Autonomous Vehicle bring both positive and negative side. Firstly, the adoption of Autonomous car would have impact on the economy. According to research group BCG, by the year 2035, 12 million fully autonomous vehicle and 18 million partially autonomous vehicles will be sold globally each year and vehicles with autonomous features will hold 25 per cent of the car market by then. Secondly, the use of Autonomous would greatly reduce the rate of car incidents. McKinsey and Company found autonomous car might reduce motor vehicle by approximately 90 percent, which could save thousands of people’s life. However, another impact that is concerning is as no driver is required for Autonomous Car who will take legal responsibility if accident happen.
-       Job currently held by human workers such as taxi, truck, public transit driver may face redundant in the future as they could be replace by Autonomous Car. Autonomous vehicle have the potential for displacing human drivers to achieve goals like commercial trucking fleets, taxi services, transit bus services. Moreover, farming, manufacturing and construction worker may be replace by Autonomous Car that are capable to accomplish specific and not complex tasks in those area.
 

			
How will this affect you? ​In your daily life, how will this affect you? What will be different for you? How might this affect members of your family or your friends?
Autonomous vehicle would completely change the way we drive. As no driver is need, we no longer need to get a driving license to be able to drive on road. Autonomous Car would save me more time to do things that I enjoy as now I am a passenger rather than driver. Our car insurance rules may change due to human caused accidents would presumably decrease, insurance car companies might reconsider their business model. Autonomous Car would also reduce my risk of meet with a car accident. The ownership of the vehicle may be different in the future as we are no longer “driver” then it may not be necessary to own a car. My family and friends would also be beneficial from the Autonomous Car as it save precious time and bring convenient to our life.

Project Idea

A project idea the team is interested in creating is an application targeted specifically towards Victorian Public transport users. The aim of this project idea is for users of the Victorian public transportation system to be able to check their myki balance, top-up, touch-on and off, and have their myki activity right at their fingertips. The myki project also entails the ability for users to have their myki card stored in their phone which will allow users travelling on public transport to use their phones as their myki card (a concept similar to apple pay). The application was chosen as the project idea as multiple members of the group had unpleasant experiences whilst using public transport. The purpose of this application is for users of the myki system to have a smooth journey without any hassle.
 
The application will allow users to regularly top-up their myki through a debit-card or credit-card if they are below a certain balance of their choosing and will send timely notifications to do so. The application will enable users to configure how often they would like to receive notifications to be reminded to top-up their myki in the course of a day or week. Users of the application will be able to connect their existing online myki account if they have one or just link their myki to the service.
 
The application will facilitate the user to register and manage multiple myki’s. By doing so families with children using the public transport system will be able to monitor the child’s usage as well as top-up regularly to avoid fines. The application will include a feature which will display the expiration month of each myki linked to the users account and send multiple reminders and notifications for every month of the year it is expiring so that the user knows when to purchase a new myki.
 
The application will also feature a passcode and finger print identification system (for phones which have it) so only the user of the account is able to view and manage the information on the account. To keep information safe for passcode users the application will authorise the users to enter their passcode three times until they are locked and are asked to retrieve their passcode or create a new one by answering a multiple security questions and accessing their email.
 
In an attempt to create a satisfactory travel experience while using public transport users will be able to use their phones as pseudo myki card. A similar concept to apple pay, users will be able to input their myki number in to the application and use their phones to travel and by doing so will eliminate users receiving fines (if they wish to switch to careless travel).
 
Additionally, every time the user tops-up their myki an invoice will be sent to the registered email on the application so that the user has evidence of each top up made. The invoices will also be stored in the application itself, however will expire and be deleted after a certain number of months selected by the user to avoid clutter and slowing down the application. In order to ensure that the user is able to access their myki history at all times the application will allow the user to click on their active card or account to view the history of their myki and see how many times they have a topped up as well as how much of the money has been used for travel, as well as what time and day it occurred.
 
Problems Solved by the application:
 
If created the application will weaken the chances of users misplacing their myki if they choose to use the feature of using a pseudo myki card on their phone. The application may also decrease the production of physical myki cards if successfully implemented into the public transportation system. This possible decrease in the production of myki cards will lower expenditure costs for the government as well as lead towards a more sustainable environment by reduction in the use of plastic in the day-to-day lives of users. The application will also create jobs as constant moderation and security personnel will be needed to ensure the application is running constantly and without any errors.

Furthermore, the project idea is a solution needed for those who are in rush and are unknowingly not carrying a valid myki ticket due to problems with the myki validation machine not working on certain buses and trams. This project will be useful as public transport users will always have evidence of their myki history right at their fingertips (which the some of the members did not have when confronted by an ‘Authorised officers’ checking the myki card). Another motivation behind this project is the amount people fined in the past few years since the introduction of the myki system-as more than 158,607 fines were handed between 2013-14 and more than 181, 582 in between 2014-15.

By creating and investing in an application like this, public transport users will be able to defend themselves without going through the long process of mailing and going to court that the government has placed. 


https://www.pedestrian.tv/news/public-transport-vic-issued-100k-more-myki-fines-last-year-than-in-2014/ 
https://www.cs.seas.gwu.edu/cybersecurity-roles-and-job-titles
https://www.cyberdegrees.org/jobs/security-engineer/
https://www.thebalancecareers.com/software-developer-job-description-salary-and-skills-2061833
http://www.bridging-the-gap.com/business-analyst-skills-important/
https://alexpetralia.com/posts/2017/6/8/hard-skills-for-modern-business-analyst

Reflection 

Rajneel
What went well 
Overall the group worked well together. We all did our required tasks and got them            done on time. Everyone in the team did their equal share of work and helped others if they needed any assistance 
2.  What could be improved 
One thing that could have been improved with the group is planning ahead of time with all the tasks that is needed to be done and who is doing what. Although this was not a major issue with the team as we still managed to finish on time 
3.  At least one thing that was surprising 
One surprising thing that i found was how fast the due date was approaching. As we were all so busy with our tasks, we forgot just how much time we really had left to finish
4.  At least one thing that you have learned about groups 
One thing that i have learned about groups is that in order to have a successful group, you must be willing to engage your ideas and or any faults that you see. Communication skills is a major key in determining if a group will fail or succeed 
5.  Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment
The Github log of activity does not reflect our groups work as we did not use it as much. Our group used Google docs to compile all of our individual work into one big document so that it will be easier for us to place onto the website when we were ready. In terms of our Google docs activity however, i was was quite happy with how everyone completed their tasks on time and had it all submitted into the google docs in time for the creation of the website

Shuhao
1.What went well?
Everyone in the team did their work and overall every member in the group participated and a lot of effort was put into the assignment.
 
2.What could be improved?


Something that can be improved is that we can manage our time better. We can finish the assignment earlier before the deadline, so we have time to check for errors and mistakes.
 
3.At least one thing that was surprising?
One surprising thing is that everyone knew what they were doing and will do give help and assistance to others in the group.
 
4.At least one thing that you have learned about groups?
Something I learned is that to complete the work with good marks then teamwork is very important especially this is a group assignment, and everyone in the team knows what they are doing. So, having a good team is an important factor.
 
5.Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of
activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment.
We used google docs instead of github. It is familiar and convenient for us to use so the github log does not reflect our group work in this assignment. 


Chetana
1.     What went well
The group worked well as a team and finished most of the work on time. All the work that we had planned to do during the meeting had been done and met all the requirements that we had set for ourselves. The team did really well at communicating and discussing how we were going to present our information and how we could overcome any difficulties and misunderstandings about specific parts of the assignment.
2.     What could be improved
An improvement I hope I can make for next time is having more group meetings to discuss certain open-ended questions such as the project idea. I feel like that needed extensive discussion and more input from the team members in order to interpret and present it in greater clarity for the reader.  
3.     At least one thing that was surprising
A surprising thing was how quickly everyone in the team finished their own parts. It made everything very easy and smooth when inputting the information into the website.
4.     At least one thing that you have learned about groups
One thing I have learnt about working with groups is that everyone should be open to various different ideas in order to expand and create a better product. Another thing that I learnt that groups should hold regular meetings to check in with each other in order to keep everyone on track to complete the tasks.
5.     Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment
The GitHub activity for our group does not reflect the amount of time and work we have put into the website and the information collated. The reason for the lack of GitHIb activity was due to the inflexibility of working in real-time with GitHub and a lack of understanding.

Gagandeep
1.	What went well?
We equally distributed all tasks to all group members and everyone completed all tasks. As a team everyone put in a lot of effort to finish this assignment. 
2.	What could be improved
It would be good, if we could’ve started bit earlier, that would have gave us more time finish everything off nicely and more time to plan all the parts of the assignment. 
3.	At least one thing that was surprising
One thing that was surprising was that everyone worked well together and focused on the assignment. Everyone engaged well with each other. 

4.	At least one thing that you have learned about groups
I believe, in order to work really well in a group, you need to have team members who you can communicate really well and engage quickly with. 
 		
5.	Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment.
Our group did not use github log for our assignment, instead we used google docs which we gathered our work together before putting it onto the website

 Jingyan
     1.What went well?
     Everyone work hard to finished their sections on time and with quality. Moreover, all the group members had attended the group meeting and contributed their opinions of how to improve our assignment.  
      2.What could be improved
    One thing that we could improve is time management. If we discuss the assignment a little bit more earlier, our group will be more organized and prepared. Therefore, we would have more time to get familiar with gitHubs.
   3.At least one thing that was surprising
   The thing that surprised me is everyone get well on each other. We respect each other, and if anyone of us need help, the group members are more than willing to give you a hand.
  4.At least one thing that you have learned about groups
    One thing that I have learned about groups as long as everyone work hard and communicate with each other in any stages. We are all able to achieve our goal.
  5.Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment.
  The Github may not reflects our group’s activity that much as we use Google document to gather our contents first before we create the website. However, we will start to get familiar with this tool now and use it in our next assignment. Overall, everyone did tried their best and  put much effort in this assignment.


     



References 
Nadeau, M. (2018). Future cyber security threats and challenges: Are you ready for what's coming?. [online] CSO Online. Available at: https://www.csoonline.com/article/3226392/security/future-cyber-security-threats-and-challenges-are-you-ready-for-whats-coming.html [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Future of Everything. (2018). The Future of Cloud Computing WiIl Blow Your Mind - Exclusive Interviews. [online] Available at: https://www.futureofeverything.io/future-of-cloud-computing/ [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Azure.microsoft.com. (2018). What is cloud computing? A beginner’s guide | Microsoft Azure. [online] Available at: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/overview/what-is-cloud-computing/ [Accessed 20 Apr. 2018].

Forbes.com. (2018). Forbes Welcome. [online] Available at: https://www.forbes.com/sites/edelmantechnology/2017/10/11/cyber-security-is-a-business-risk-not-just-an-it-problem/#abffcc078324 [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Forbes.com. (2018). Forbes Welcome. [online] Available at: https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2017/09/14/what-will-cybersecurity-look-like-10-years-from-now/#3f5e30826e6e [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Australia, P., Networking Reviews, R., Products, N., Griffith, E. and Griffith, E. (2018). What Is Cloud Computing?. [online] PCMag Australia. Available at: http://au.pcmag.com/networking-communications-software-products/29902/feature/what-is-cloud-computing [Accessed 20 Apr. 2018].

Techopedia.com. (2018). What is an Autonomous Car? - Definition from Techopedia. [online] Available at: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/30056/autonomous-car [Accessed 21 Apr. 2018].

eeNews Automotive. (2018). The autonomous vehicle rollout: current state of play. [online] Available at: http://www.eenewsautomotive.com/news/autonomous-vehicle-rollout-current-state-play/page/0/2 [Accessed 21 Apr. 2018].

Mail Online. (2018). Self-driving cars the next to takeover human jobs, a new report warns. [online] Available at: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-4534752/Self-driving-cars-takeover-human-jobs.html [Accessed 21 Apr. 2018].

The Balance Careers. (2018). Software Developer Job Description and Salary Information. [online] Available at: https://www.thebalancecareers.com/software-developer-job-description-salary-and-skills-2061833 [Accessed 21 Apr. 2018].

Cs.seas.gwu.edu. (2018). Cybersecurity Roles and Job Titles | Computer Science | The George Washington University | CS | School of Engineering & Applied Science | Computer Science | The George Washington University | CS | School of Engineering & Applied Science | The George Washington University. [online] Available at: https://www.cs.seas.gwu.edu/cybersecurity-roles-and-job-titles [Accessed 22 Apr. 2018].

Petralia, A. and Petralia, A. (2018). Hard skills for the modern business analyst. [online] petralia. Available at: https://alexpetralia.com/posts/2017/6/8/hard-skills-for-modern-business-analyst [Accessed 22 Apr. 2018].

Expertsystem.com. (2018). What is Machine Learning? A definition - Expert System. [online] Available at: http://www.expertsystem.com/machine-learning-definition/ [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Coursera. (2018). Machine Learning | Coursera. [online] Available at: https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning [Accessed 19 Apr. 2018].

Onlinemasters.ohio.edu(2018). 5 Effects of the Adoption of Autonomous Vehicles | Ohio University
https://onlinemasters.ohio.edu/5-effects-of-the-adoption-of-autonomous-vehicles/
 [Accessed 27 April 2018].



RAJ’S WEBSITE https://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/s3723148myprofile/index.html

GAGAN WEBSITE
http://s3716981.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/

Shuhao’s website 
http://s3717801.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com 

Jingyan WEBSITE
https://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/s3717243/websitefinal.html

Chetna website:

http://s3718429.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com 	
